			     Examples From
	    JavaScript: The Definitive Guide, Fourth Edition

This directory contains the source code for all the numbered examples in
the 4th edition of JavaScript: The Definitive Guide.  The file name
indicates the chapter and example number, and the extension indicates
the example type.  An example with a .html extension contains HTML tags
and can be run and displayed in a web browser.  An example with a .js
extension is a file that contains JavaScript code only, without HTML
<script> tags, and cannot be usefully loaded into a browser.  There is
also one example (22-1) that has a ".java" extension because it contains
Java code instead of JavaScript code.

A few of the .js examples are substantial enough that you may find them
useful in your own HTML pages.  In these cases, there is a copy of the
numbered example file that is given a more descriptive name.  For
example, Drag.js is a copy of 19-2.js.  When an example is given a name
like this, it has typically been referred to with that name in the book.

These files were all created using a text editor on a Linux system, so
they use the Unix line terminator \n.  If you find that the lines all
run together when you view them on another operating system (such as
Windows), you should use a text editor or file viewer that recognizes
the Unix line termination convention.  (The Windows "Notepad"
application typically cannot display the file correctly, for example.)

Legal matters: these files were created by David Flanagan, and are
Copyright (c) 2001 by David Flanagan.  You may use, study, modify, and
distribute them for any purpose.  Please note that these examples are
provided "as-is" and come with no warranty of any kind.

      David Flanagan
